English: Release translation from 12.97.0 till 12.108.1 (#54)
misskey-dev/misskey-hub: src/en/docs/releases.md

Information updates may not be translated yet. For the latest information see [GitHub](https://github.com/misskey-dev/misskey/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).
:::

## 12.108.1 (2022-03-12)

### Bugfixes
- Fixed relay not working @xianonn
- Fixed problem with ulid not working @syuilo
- Fixed a problem that OGP cannot be obtained correctly from outside @syuilo
- Instance can't get the files from other instance when there are items in allowedPrivateNetworks in .config/default.yml @ybw2016v

## 12.108.0 (2022-03-09)

### Note
- Node v16.14.0 or later is required from this version

### Changes
- The ability to set the maximum number of characters in a note has been removed and the default is now a flat 3000 characters @syuilo
- Misskey can no longer terminate HTTPS connections. @Johann150
  - If you did not use a reverse proxy (e.g. nginx) before, you will probably need to adjust your configuration file and set up a reverse proxy. The https configuration key is no longer    recognized!

### Improvements
- Instance default theme can be set @syuilo
- Allow mute to set expiration date @syuilo
- Create a notification when a survey is closed @syuilo

> - Allow up to 16 additional profiles to be saved @syuilo
> - Add Pub&Sub to coalition chart @syuilo
> - Add Active to coalition chart @syuilo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow up to 16 profile fields to be saved @syuilo
- Add Pub&Sub to federation chart @syuilo
- Add Active to federation chart @syuilo
```

- API: Fix API cast @mei23
- Add instance favicon where it's missing @solfisher
- Fixed problems with periodic resync of charts not working @syuilo

## 12.103.1 (2022/02/02)

### Bugfixes
- Client: Fixed an issue with tooltip display position being incorrect.

## 12.103.0 (2022/02/02)

### Improvements
- Client: Allow instance information to be reacquired from the coalition instance page.

### Bugfixes
- Client: Fixed an issue where images are hidden when reactions are updated after displaying NSFW images of a post.
- Client: Fixed problem with "Clip" page not opening
- Client: Fixed Trends widget not working
- Client: Fixed Federation widget not working
- Client: Fixed emoji picker not opening in reaction settings
- Client: Fixed issue with inclusion of mentions on DM page
- Client: hashtag retention field in submission form not working
- Client: Fixed side view not working
- Client: ensure that specified users does not get duplicates
- Add `img-src` and `media-src` directives to `Content-Security-Policy` for files and media proxy

## 12.102.1 (2022/01/27)

### Bugfixes
- Fixed problem with chat not displaying

## 12.102.0 (2022/01/27)

### Note

> After the update, some custom pictograms may not be displayed. In this case, batch exporting the pictograms from the pictogram management page and then batch importing them again from the control panel will fix the problem.

Reviewer: I think this would be clearer if you use "emoji" instead of "pictogram". Same for entries below in this release.
